

Speaker 3: 

Speaker 1: Hello, I'm Moira Alderson with the BBC News. Recep Tayyip Erdogan has spent the last day before Turkey's presidential runoff appealing to his conservative base. He'll be facing Kemal Kilic Darulu, a secular politician who's adopted an increasingly nationalistic tone in recent weeks. The election takes place against a backdrop of a troubled economy with inflation in double figures, Orlugerin reports. 

Speaker 3: Turkey's presidential runoff has turned into a bare-knuckle fight with the candidates trading insults and accusations. President Erdogan has accused his rival, Kemal Kilic Darulu, of meeting banned Kurdish militants without providing any proof. The normally restrained Mr Kilic Darulu has called the president a liar and a coward and questioned what kind of Muslim he is. 

Speaker 1: Ukrainian officials say their armed forces are ready for a counter-offensive against the Russians. They gave no details and no indication of a time frame but said some operations were already underway, with Russian depots and supply lines behind the front being destroyed. James Landale has spoken to the head of Ukraine's Security Council. 

Speaker 0: Alexei Danilov is secretary of Ukraine's National Security and Defence Council and that puts him in the heart of President Zelensky's de facto war cabinet. For months he and they have planned a counter-offensive against Russian forces and now Mr Danilov has told us Ukraine is ready. Much depends on getting the timing right. Ukraine must show its Western allies it can break the deadlock, that their military support can make a difference. Mr Danilov said his government had no right to make a mistake because this was an historic opportunity that we cannot lose. 

Speaker 1: The governor of the Russian region bordering northern Ukraine has dismissed reports of an attempted cross-border raid by Ukrainian saboteurs. Earlier several telegram channels reported that a saboteur group had succeeded in crossing the border and there had been street fighting in at least one village. Local residents were reportedly told to seek shelter. The past week has seen almost daily cross-border attacks inside Russian territory. Iraq's unveiled an ambitious plan to develop its rail and road infrastructure and become a regional transport hub linking Europe and the Gulf. The Iraqi Prime Minister announced the $17 billion project during a conference in Baghdad with transport officials from neighbouring countries. Mohammed Shia al-Sudani said the 1,200-kilometre project would be the cornerstone of the country's development. 

Speaker 4: We see this project as a pillar of a sustainable non-oil economy, a link that serves Iraq's neighbours and the region, and a contribution to economic integration efforts. 

Speaker 1: This is world news from the BBC. China's communist government says it's taken action against about one million online accounts as part of what it described as a campaign to rectify social media chaos. More than 60,000 have been permanently closed while others have had posts and followers removed. Reasons for sanctions included so-called rumour-mongering, impersonating public institutions and illegal monetisation. Media in Iran say there have been clashes along the country's southeastern border with Afghanistan following a dispute over water resources. An Iranian police officer told reporters that Taliban forces had started shooting at an Iranian police station and that the Iranian police had responded. Iran claims a dam on the Helmand River in Afghanistan is restricting water flows into Lake Hamon, which straddles the border between the two countries. France and the Netherlands have signed a treaty formalising their border on the Caribbean island of St Martin, 375 years after it was first demarcated by rival teams of runners. The two halves remain dependencies, but there have been arguments about the exact course of the frontier. Here's Charles Haviland. 

Speaker 2: The accord is supposed to aid rebuilding work following Hurricane Irma and cross-border cooperation. 

Speaker 1: Bayern Munich have won an 11th consecutive Bundesliga title. They beat Cologne to overtake Brucie Dortmund on a thrilling final day. Dortmund would have won their first title since 2012 had they beaten Mainz, but a draw opened the door for Bayern. BBC News. 