

Speaker 0: This podcast is supported by Angie. Hello from CNN. I'm Afo Madigay with the 5 things you need to know for Friday, May 26th. Debt ceiling negotiators are getting a little more breathing room to work on a deal to raise the nation's debt limit. The U.S. Treasury Secretary now estimates the U.S. won't have enough money to pay its bills by June 5th. President Joe Biden says he's optimistic and that he hopes to know tonight whether he and House Republicans can strike a deal to avert a first-ever default. Work requirements for social safety net programs remain a key sticking point for Republicans. And key negotiator GOP Congressman Garrett Graves says it has to be part of the agreement. 

Speaker 2: If you're really going to fall on the sword for that versus actually negotiating something that changes the trajectory of the country for spending, I mean, that's crazy to me that we're even having this debate today. Are you willing to drop that work requirement? Hell no. Hell no. Not a chance. 

Speaker 0: House lawmakers left Washington for Memorial Day weekend and will be given a 24-hours notice to return if a deal is reached. The European Union is condemning an agreement between Russia and Belarus to deploy Russian nuclear weapons in Belarus, according to their defense ministries. The president of Belarus told state media the transfer of weapons has begun. The EU says the move will lead to, quote, Belarus has been one of Russia's most loyal allies since Moscow invaded Ukraine last year. A New York man accused of shooting at a vehicle full of passengers last month has been indicted on a murder charge. 65-year-old Kevin Monahan has been charged with murder in the second degree, reckless endangerment and tampering with physical evidence. He's pleaded not guilty. 20-year-old Kaylyn Gillis was a passenger in the car. She and her friends were looking for a friend's house when they accidentally drove into Monahan's driveway in rural upstate New York. That's when Monahan allegedly shot at the vehicle, killing Gillis. CNN has reached out to Monahan's attorney for comment. Two top human rights organizations are calling for the Taliban to be investigated for crimes against humanity over its brutal crackdown on women's rights in Afghanistan. Amnesty International and the International Commission of Jurists say the group's actions constitute gender persecution, which the International Criminal Court considers a crime against humanity. The Taliban regained power in Afghanistan in 2021. Since then, it's increasingly excluded women and girls from public life, including barring them from certain work sectors and suspending them from secondary and university education. Coming up, a slam dunk championship celebration at the White House. 

Speaker 1: You can host the best backyard barbecue. You find a professional on Angie to make your backyard the best around. Connect with skilled professionals to get all your home projects done well. Inside to outside, repairs to renovations. Get started on the Angie app or visit angie.com today. You can do this when you Angie that. 

Speaker 0: Hey, welcome back. President Joe Biden and First Lady Jill Biden welcomed the 2023 NCAA champions to the White House today. First up was women's basketball champs, the Louisiana State University Tigers. 

Speaker 1: You didn't just play basketball. You didn't just make history. You showed us girls and boys, women and men what it means to be a champion. 

Speaker 0: LSU star Angel Reese and the first lady hugs during the ceremony. There had been some public drama around the visit after the first lady previously suggested that the runners up. The University of Iowa Hawkeyes should also be invited. Later in the day, the Bidens also welcomed the reigning men's team, the Yukon Huskies. Please join us again tomorrow at 10 a.m. and 3 p.m. Eastern Time for updated episodes of five things. Then come back on Sunday for one thing with host David Rhine. This Sunday, we speak to CNN investigates senior writers like Ellis and Melanie Hicken about unchecked sexual assault cases at sea. This podcast is supported by Angie. 

Speaker 1: You can host the best backyard barbecue. You find a professional on Angie to make your backyard the best around. Connect with skilled professionals to get all your home projects done well. Inside to outside repairs to renovations. Get started on the Angie app or visit Angie.com today. You can do this when you Angie that. 