

Speaker 2: This podcast is supported by Angie. 

Speaker 5: Hello from CNN. I'm Afoma D.K. with the five things you need to know for Friday, May 26th. We start with breaking news. The U.S. Treasury Secretary now estimates that Congress must address the debt ceiling by June 5th. Otherwise the U.S. won't have enough funds to pay some of the nation's bills in full and on time. This comes as President Joe Biden and House Republicans try to reach an agreement to raise the borrowing limit. A South Carolina judge temporarily blocks the state's new abortion ban from going into effect. It would restrict most abortions as early as six weeks into pregnancy. The law went into effect immediately after the governor signed it Thursday. Planned Parenthood, South Atlantic and others filed a lawsuit to try to stop it. The law is on hold until the state Supreme Court can review the case and determine whether it violates the state's constitution. For now, abortions in the state are legal up until around 20 weeks. There have been more than 900 attacks on health care in Ukraine since Russia's invasion began. That's according to the World Health Organization, adding that most of the attacks have impacted medical facilities. Ukraine's presidential adviser says Russian strikes on a hospital in Dnipro overnight prove Russia is deliberately targeting civilians. Local officials say at least two people died and dozens more were injured, including young children and doctors. Dnipro's mayor says there were fewer people working at the facility when the attack happened because doctors were changing shifts. 

Speaker 3: Hopefully there will be no more victims. It is a miracle that a rocket struck at the very moment of the doctor's change of shifts. 

Speaker 5: In his daily address, Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky called the attack a pure atrocity. Western allies have also condemned the strikes, with France calling them quote, war crimes that cannot go unpunished. Most Americans continue to say gun control laws should be tougher. That's according to a new CNN poll out today. CNN's Anna Sterling breaks down the numbers for us. 

Speaker 0: That's right, Afoma. That new CNN poll conducted by SSRS shows almost two thirds of Americans favor stricter gun control laws. One key thing to note, that's only a small dip from last summer after a mass shooting at an elementary school in Uvalde, Texas. While CNN has seen a sustained shift over the past decade toward favoring gun control, there are still a lot of divisions among Americans about how the availability of guns impacts public safety. Thirty six percent say guns in public places make them less safe, while 32 percent say it makes them safer. The rest? Well, they say it makes no difference at all. 

Speaker 5: Coming up, some good news for drivers this holiday weekend. 

Speaker 2: The Angie's list you know and trust is now Angie, and it's more than just a list. Angie still connects you with top local pros and shows you ratings and reviews. But now they also let you compare upfront prices on hundreds of projects and book a service instantly. Angie can even handle the rest of your project from start to finish. So remember, Angie's list is now Angie, and they're here to help you get your job done right. Get started at Angie.com. That's A-N-G-I or download the app today. 

Speaker 5: Hey, welcome back. Triple A says more than 37 million people are expected to hit the roads this Memorial Day weekend, up six percent from a year ago. CNN's Matt Egan has more. 

Speaker 1: Just like the skies, the roads are going to be busy as summer kicks off. But I am here with some good news, because despite the rising demand, the cost of road trips is actually going down. Drivers are being greeted by cheaper gas prices this year, much cheaper. The reasons for this drop in gas prices, it's not all positive. Some of it is good news like improved supply, but also it's those recession fears that have lowered oil prices. And oil is the main driver of gas prices. Still, people are going to save a lot of money. GasBuddy projects that Americans are going to spend one point six billion dollars less on gasoline this Memorial Day weekend than last. And that is undeniably good news. 

Speaker 5: That's all for now. We're back at 10 p.m. Eastern. 

Speaker 2: This podcast is supported by Angie. 

Speaker 4: Angie's List is now Angie, and we've heard a lot of theories about why. 

Speaker 1: I thought it was an eco move. 

Speaker 5: Fewer words, less paper. 

Speaker 1: No, it was so you could say it faster. No, it's to be more iconic. 

Speaker 2: Must be a tech thing. 

Speaker 4: But those aren't quite right. It's because now you can compare up front prices, book a service instantly and even get your project handled from start to finish. 

Speaker 5: Sounds easy. It is. 

Speaker 4: And it makes us so much more than just a list. Get started at Angie dot com. That's A-N-G-I or download the app today. 